add technical clarification in RLHF post (#1207)
huggingface/blog: rlhf.md

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/blog/rlhf/rlhf.png" width="650" />
</p>

> _Minor technical detail note: The above diagram makes it look like both models generate text, but what really happens is that the RL policy generates text and that text is fed into the original model to generate its relative probabilities for the KL penalty._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Minor technical detail note: The above diagram makes it look like both models generate different responses for the same prompt, but what really happens is that the RL policy generates text, and that text is fed into the initial model to produce its relative probabilities for the KL penalty._
```

> _Minor technical detail note: The above diagram makes it look like both models generate text, but what really happens is that the RL policy generates text and that text is fed into the original model to generate its relative probabilities for the KL penalty._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Minor technical detail note: The above diagram makes it look like both models generate text, but what really happens is that the RL policy generates text and that text is fed into the original model to generate its relative probabilities for the KL penвыавыавыавыalty._
```

```

*Thanks to [Robert Kirk](https://robertkirk.github.io/) for fixing some factual errors regarding specific implementations of RLHF. Thanks to [Peter Stone](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~pstone/), [Khanh X. Nguyen](https://machineslearner.com/) and [Yoav Artzi](https://yoavartzi.com/) for helping expand the related works further into history. *

> *Thanks to Stas Bekman for fixing some typos or confusing phrases. Thanks to [Igor Kotenkov](https://twitter.com/stalkermustang) for pointing out a technical inconsistency in the RLHF feedback diagram.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Thanks to [Igor Kotenkov](https://www.linkedin.com/in/seeall/) for pointing out a technical inconsistency in the KL-penalty term of the RLHF procedure, its diagram, and textual description.* 
```

> *Thanks to Stas Bekman for fixing some typos or confusing phrases. Thanks to [Igor Kotenkov](https://twitter.com/stalkermustang) for pointing out a technical inconsistency in the RLHF feedback diagram.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Thanks to Stas Bekman for fixing some typos or confusing phrases.*
*Thanks to [Igor Kotenkov](https://www.linkedin.com/in/seeall/) for pointing out a technical inconsistency in the KL-penalty term of the RLHF procedure, its diagram, and textual description.*
```
